---
layout: release
title: "1.0.0-beta-2"
date: 2016-01-12 15:30:00
categories: releases
---

The [1.0.0-beta-2][release] release is the third release of Fluo.  It contains the following significant improvements:

 * Fluo metrics were improved and can now be sent to InfluxDB and viewed in Grafana.
 * Improvements were made to Fluo to make it work better with Apache Spark.
 * Several performances improvements were made to decrease transaction commit time.
 * Fluo administration was improved with bug fixes and the addition of new commands.
 * Several improvements were made to the Fluo API.

While there are no known issues that prevent production use, this release has not been tested enough in a production
environment to recommend it for production use.  However, this release is a good entry point for starting to use Fluo
as the API is mostly stable and a production ready release is expected in 2016.

Below are resources for this release:

 * Read the [release notes][notes] for a full list of notable features and bug fixes.
 * View the [documentation][docs] for help getting started with Fluo.
 * Download the [Fluo binary tarball][release] for 1.0.0-beta-2 from GitHub.
 * Javadocs are available for the [Fluo API][apidocs-api] as well as the [full codebase][apidocs-full].
 * A [tag] of Fluo codebase for 1.0.0-beta-2 is available.
 * The [Quickstart] and [Phrasecount] applications were updated to work with this release.

[release]: https://github.com/fluo-io/fluo/releases/tag/1.0.0-beta-2
[notes]: /1.0.0-beta-2-release-notes
[apidocs-full]: /apidocs/1.0.0-beta-2/full
[apidocs-api]: /apidocs/1.0.0-beta-2/api
[docs]: /docs/1.0.0-beta-2/
[tag]: https://github.com/fluo-io/fluo/tree/1.0.0-beta-2
[Quickstart]: https://github.com/fluo-io/fluo-quickstart
[Phrasecount]: https://github.com/fluo-io/phrasecount
